now , why does that matter to human health ?
this is a graph of the swahili show of the sarasota bay .
and i remember sitting at my desk and thinking , &quot; i know now . what a great scientific discovery . &quot; but it was so horrible .
they are closed all over the world more and more often , and i think we should let it be .
at first , i showed you how much we inflicted the ecosystem of monterey bay through pollution and the ocean and all the other kinds of problems .
eatwise -- yee haw -- rosebud .
about at the same time , his mother had asked him , &quot; do you know the book of michael mash ? the &quot; thunderwear . &quot;
we were really frightened .
craig here moves the head .
you could see the skeleton .
we have this capacity too .
in fact , our modern kind of things might have been the benefits , but i think we should see what price .
clay shirky , who &apos;s all around the world , has the trauma that are asked here on the forbes market in such a wonderful way .
today , there are so many new foundations , the health systems and the investments that bring together people , together in the end , in a larger context .
and i &apos;m hopeful because not only the philanthropy is reorganizing themselves , but also other parts of social engineering and business work hard for the business as usual .
i disagree with this picture in my office . it &apos;s in my office , because i &apos;ve always felt a mystic connection to these two men , and i both never learned .
my own research to cell phones and for research shows that 80 percent of phone calls actually go to four people -- 80 percent .
whenever you have a moment , chat forward to each other .
and with the modern dissonance , a very common approach came between the private environment and the public environment .
what we worry about is that texting , texting , facebook is damage to the amount of intimacy of intimacy , but vint &apos;s visual research shows how the foundations can promote more specific relationships in order to communicate love across the edges as distance and fluidity .
one of the things we &apos;ve developed in the lab -- we &apos;ve evolved several vehicles -- is , as we think , the first autonomous oil company in the world .
for example , the brain tends to generate a lot of crows .
no challenging task .
at the time , taxpayers spend about $ african a year sending a person to jail .
her family has been living since eight generations in a town called shanxi , west virginia .
yep .
we can create these local bazaars and incentives to use three-dimensional materials for manufacturing materials .
and we need to invest in it .
and he sometimes won , you hardly believe it , at a tedx university in los angeles -- a reason to love l.a. back in the 1940s .
i started my company to help communities across the country to use their built potential to improve the entire quality of life of their people .
and before you have children , you will not understand what i mean . &quot;
these deaf people , eventually in the community in adulthood .
it always takes time .
in fact , it only comes out of a margin against one person , and someone with down syndrome is not a person .
it &apos;s not too far on feeding on people .
but for me , i discovered that i was born the kids i &apos;ve been born so that i don &apos;t want to think of it without it .
he would not stick his legs properly .
i come from a privileged family . i was very lucky .
it &apos;s about two weeks old , and there they are .
this is the beginning of 2000 . my son , dimitri -- who is also here today , many of you know -- went to cambodia -- went to cambodia and has built from us built , just when she was connected to the internet .
remember -- because there are other people like bill gates who said , &quot; man , you have a real computer . &quot;
now , latin america is pretty rare . let &apos;s look at some languages .
guess what ? we won it .
we have a case to integrate no more information production to keep prices down .
for a desert , my apartment is about as alien as space .
and we can take care of the issues that we have .
speaking of a cliff bottom , i was told to be too detached , even though i don &apos;t know what to support or fight .
wealth is going to break away with people not as a street designer .
in taxes , there are bigger disagreements .
none of these important theories was one of success .
we fear that the world is watching .
and during a lot of this work , we found something , or something that really fascinated me , maybe you can remember it .
actually , this is what happened here -- of light in six seconds .
i look at your faces very carefully .
this is not an expression of happiness .
and this lady even has a particularly sharp face , and both sides are beautiful .
this thing here , it &apos;s shining light over when you move , so it gets an extra object , even though it &apos;s still standing -- just how brilliant it is made through the reflection .
i had to move that part , but only one millimeter .
and the one thing i showed you before was a very complex .
it wins or loses at that moment .
being able to shape the emotional band between this object and shape it is a kilometer-long anti-spectacle that happens before you even think about it .
i don &apos;t think we need to make that choice .
it &apos;s also a thought we forgot .
i need it to return to the tradition of the sermon .
we don &apos;t think so .
and at the end of the board , they all sit up and they say , &quot; thank you plato , &quot; shakespeare , shakespeare was jane austen .
the other thing is that art shouldn &apos;t explain that artists shouldn &apos;t tell their motives , because when they said they destroyed the magic , and we might find it simple .
art would be one of the tools with which we can improve society .
we might not agree with what religions want us to teach , but we can admire the institutional species that they do .
absolutely . i meet , like many of you , people who say , &quot; is there something bigger than we all do , something else ? &quot;
because you &apos;ve agreed to 90 percent because you have a similar view of so many things , and in this case you disagree with others .
so he led me to places like chile -- the atacama desert in chile -- to siberia , in underground mines , in the japanese alps , in north america , to antarctica and even the south pole .
it is the largest lake in the world . it &apos;s 800 kilometers long .
and you won &apos;t believe it , but that &apos;s going to be the incredible big telescope .
this was what was built by robert munch scott and his men when they came to antarctica , on their first expedition to the south pole .
keep in mind , making people in extreme cold , in contaminated temperatures .
this is an interesting statement , i come back to that .
what people do first is to make book tricks , which you can look for in the book , and that is fun .
so many people were there .
but how do we use all of them ?
we &apos;ve reached the 10 cents per page if we work with big volume .
i &apos;m not sure what i &apos;m doing .
they raise about two or three pounds a day .
at 15 to 150 dollars an hour and about 100 to 150 dollars an hour , we can put materials very much online and have it on the web .
the question is : is this the world that we want to live in ?
flowers will come up .
we all know the earth has problems .
they rot the spores , rot .
when you go through the landscape , you get up into your shoes and you try to respond to the voids .
across all the dirt right across the cliff .
some of these mushrooms are very happy .
this is an extraordinarily rare benefit .
i did something that nobody would have done .
you get the box of life -- you get a dvd at the ted conference -- you give earth to earth , and you have water , and you have sulfur fungi and nano-technology fungi , as well as spores .
i lived in biosphere 2 .
we want to know that life is adaptive enough ?
i was kind of eating myself all the time .
and the doctor looked at us to make sure we were doing things .
and they were all going to me .
stayhound , early part of ethiopia , is one of these places that are surprisingly beautiful and incredibly energized , and i have no idea how people are able to live there .
